Step 2 quantity and the tolerance rescue entry your impact. Avoiding, Phantom
inventory. Once you click the truck icon, you'll go to the receiving entry
screen. Your Task 1, enter the receipt date. Make sure this matches when the
goods actually arrived. Two type, the quantity received if you got five, but
ordered 10. Just enter 5. What happens if you make a mistake, currently our
system has no tolerance set. This means if you ordered five laptops but
accidentally type 6 in the quantity field, the system will currently accept it
consequence. This creates Phantom inventory. Entering six feet. When you
received five is like telling your friends. You have an extra pizza. Slice that
doesn't actually exist for the party. It's a Fanta Pizza on paper but nowhere
to be found this creates a financial liability for an item that isn't real
your personal Safeguard best. Practice always double check by physically
counting the boxes next. To you again the purchase order quantity before you
click submit, your eyes are the best offense. Don't rely on the system to
stop. You imagine your physically counting boxes if you accidentally type the
wrong number, what ghostly problem could you create?